TemplateType=shoes	Version=2016.0721	The top 3 rows are for Amazon.com use only. Do not modify or delete the top 3 rows.							Offer-These attributes are required to make your item buyable for customers on the site																	Dimensions-These attributes specify the size and weight of a product								Discovery-These attributes have an effect on how customers can find your product on the site using browse or search									Images-These attributes provide links to images for a product								Fulfillment-Use these columns to provide fulfillment-related information for either Amazon-fulfilled (FBA) or seller-fulfilled orders.							Variation-Populate these attributes if your product is available in different variations (for example color or wattage)				Compliance-Attributes used to comply with consumer laws in the country or region where the item is sold				Ungrouped - These attributes create rich product listings for your buyers.																																																									
Seller SKU	Product Name	Product ID	Product ID Type	Brand	Product Description	Item Type	Style Number	Update Delete	Standard Price	Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price	Product Tax Code	Fulfillment Latency	Launch Date	Release Date	Restock Date	Quantity	Sale Price	Sale Start Date	Sale End Date	Max Aggregate Ship Quantity	Item Package Quantity	Offering Can Be Gift Messaged	Is Gift Wrap Available	Is Discontinued by Manufacturer?	Shipping-Template	Shipping Weight	Website Shipping Weight Unit Of Measure	Item Weight	Item Weight Unit Of Measure	Item Length	Item Width	Item Height	Item Dimensions Unit Of Measure	Bullet Point1	Bullet Point2	Bullet Point3	Bullet Point4	Bullet Point5	Search Terms	Style Keyword1	Style Keyword2	Style Keyword3	Main Image URL	Other Image URL1	Other Image URL2	Other Image URL3	Other Image URL4	Other Image URL5	Other Image URL6	Swatch Image URL	Fulfillment Center ID	Package height	Package Width	Package Length	Package Dimensions Unit Of Measure	Package Weight	Package Weight Unit Of Measure	Parentage	Parent SKU	Relationship Type	Variation Theme	Consumer Notice	CPSIA Warning Description	Cpsia Warning	Import Designation	Style Name	character	Model Year	Closure Type	Department	Color	Color Map	Size	Material Fabric1	Material Fabric2	Country as Labeled	Fur Description	Pattern Style	Occasion Lifestyle	Special Features	Size Map	Lens Color	Lens Color Map	Magnification Strength	Frame Material Type	Lens Material Type	Item Shape	Polarization Type	Eyewear Unit Of Measure	Lens Width	Bridge Width	Arm Length	Lens Height	Arm Length Unit of Measure	Lens Height Unit of Measure	Lens Width Unit of Measure	Unit of Measure for Width of the Bridge	Strap Type	Lining Description	Shoulder Strap Drop	Shoulder Strap Drop Unit Of Measure	Sole Material	Heel Type	Shoe Height Map	Toe Style	Arch Type	Cleat Description	Cleat Material Type	Team Name	Shaft Height	Platform Height	Water Resistance Level	Special Size Type1	Special Size Type2	Special Size Type3	Special Size Type4	Special Size Type5	Special Size Type6	Special Size Type7	Special Size Type8	Special Size Type9	Special Size Type10	Shaft Height Unit Of Measure
item_sku	item_name	external_product_id	external_product_id_type	brand_name	product_description	item_type	model	update_delete	standard_price	list_price	product_tax_code	fulfillment_latency	product_site_launch_date	merchant_release_date	restock_date	quantity	sale_price	sale_from_date	sale_end_date	max_aggregate_ship_quantity	item_package_quantity	offering_can_be_gift_messaged	offering_can_be_giftwrapped	is_discontinued_by_manufacturer	merchant_shipping_group_name	website_shipping_weight	website_shipping_weight_unit_of_measure	item_weight	item_weight_unit_of_measure	item_length	item_width	item_height	item_dimensions_unit_of_measure	bullet_point1	bullet_point2	bullet_point3	bullet_point4	bullet_point5	generic_keywords	style_keywords1	style_keywords2	style_keywords3	main_image_url	other_image_url1	other_image_url2	other_image_url3	other_image_url4	other_image_url5	other_image_url6	swatch_image_url	fulfillment_center_id	package_height	package_width	package_length	package_dimensions_unit_of_measure	package_weight	package_weight_unit_of_measure	parent_child	parent_sku	relationship_type	variation_theme	prop_65	cpsia_cautionary_description	cpsia_cautionary_statement	import_designation	style_name	subject_character	model_year	closure_type	department_name	color_name	color_map	size_name	material_type1	material_type2	country_as_labeled	fur_description	pattern_type	lifestyle	special_features	size_map	lens_color	lens_color_map	magnification_strength	frame_material_type	lens_material_type	item_shape	polarization_type	eyewear_unit_of_measure	lens_width	bridge_width	arm_length	lens_height	arm_length_unit_of_measure	lens_height_unit_of_measure	lens_width_unit_of_measure	bridge_width_unit_of_measure	strap_type	lining_description	shoulder_strap_drop	shoulder_strap_drop_unit_of_measure	sole_material	heel_type	height_map	toe_style	arch_type	cleat_description	cleat_material_type	team_name	shaft_height	platform_height	water_resistance_level	special_size_type1	special_size_type2	special_size_type3	special_size_type4	special_size_type5	special_size_type6	special_size_type7	special_size_type8	special_size_type9	special_size_type10	shaft_height_unit_of_measure
zsl-szak-men-6766	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-6	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 6   ( EU 38 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-6.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 6.5 ( EU 39 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-7	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 7   ( EU 40 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-8	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 8   ( EU 41 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-8.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 8.5 ( EU 42 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-9.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 9.5 ( EU 43 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-10.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 10.5( EU 44.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-11	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 11  ( EU 45 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-12	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 12  ( EU 46 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-grey-13	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Grey US 13  ( EU 47.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-6	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 6   ( EU 38 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-6.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 6.5 ( EU 39 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-7	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 7   ( EU 40 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-8	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 8   ( EU 41 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-8.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 8.5 ( EU 42 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-9.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 9.5 ( EU 43 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-10.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 10.5( EU 44.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-11	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 11  ( EU 45 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-12	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 12  ( EU 46 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-black-13	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Black US 13  ( EU 47.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-6	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 6   ( EU 38 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-6.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 6.5 ( EU 39 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-7	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 7   ( EU 40 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-8	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 8   ( EU 41 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-8.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 8.5 ( EU 42 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-9.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 9.5 ( EU 43 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-10.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 10.5( EU 44.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-11	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 11  ( EU 45 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-12	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 12  ( EU 46 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-red-black-13	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Red Black US 13  ( EU 47.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-6	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 6   ( EU 38 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-6.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 6.5 ( EU 39 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-7	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 7   ( EU 40 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-8	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 8   ( EU 41 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-8.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 8.5 ( EU 42 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-9.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 9.5 ( EU 43 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-10.5	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 10.5( EU 44.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-11	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 11  ( EU 45 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-12	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 12  ( EU 46 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
zsl-szak-men-6766-blue-13	King Wear Men's Breathable and Wearable Fashion Sneakers Outdoor Sports Casual Comfortable Walking Cross Training Running Shoes Blue US 13  ( EU 47.5 )							PartialUpdate																																																																																																																			
